Sentence	Suicidal
People enjoy good fortune or suffer misfortune based on their own karma.	0
If you think you know what everyone with an eating disorder looks like you need to read this.	0
There is nothing new in dying now though living is no newer	1
I am afraid I am a coward. I am sorry for everything. If I had done this a long time ago it would have saved a lot of pain. P.E	1
When I opened the door of my room I found him asleep at the top of the steps. 	0
I will kill myself tomorrow unable to stand existence without the women who had been my sole joy the only hapinnes in my life	1
I feel we can't go through another of those terrible times.	1
I have a feeling that I shall go mad as I hear voices and cannot concentrate on my work. I can't fight against it any longer	1
I do not want to be here anymore.	1
I can't get better I already made my decision.	1
The storm currently slamming the East Coast is probably turning into a bomb cyclone.	0
Why should I bother trying anymore? I am not even afraid of pain.I just want to leave this world as I am tired of trying.	1
And so I leave this world where the heart must either break or turn to lead.	1
There was a great deal of commotion outside and then we heard the sound of someone shouting	0
Every single publisher who read my book thought that there was no way it would work.	0
I wish I could go to sleep and never wake up.	1
I have been told that there are some authors in this room. 	0
I wish to use my body as a torch to dissipate the darkness and to waken love among men	1
They became friends instantly having lunch together regularly.	0
I myself and my wife – in order to escape the disgrace of deposition or capitulation – choose death.	1
It has grown cold in the cave.	0
The negativity in this world is too much for us to deal with we are sorry but we wish to not deal with it anymore.	1
When all usefulness is over it is best to choose a quick and easy death in place of a slow and horrible one	1
It would be natural to be upset but do not be for me I am better now in a better place.	1
If anybody could have saved me it would have been you	1
To make everything better I have to die I can't make it right by living.	1
I am now about to make the great adventure. I cannot endure this agonizing pain any longer.	1
We just need to see that we are moving in the right direction.	0
I can't stand the empty feeling that I am having. I am breaking into pieces.	1
The sting that she felt on her upper arm was sudden and she winced.	0
What is a few short years to live in hell? This is no way to live it is anyday better to die.	1
I must end it. There's no hope left. I'll be at peace. No one had anything to do with this. My decision totally.	1
Dear World I am leaving because I am bored. I feel I have lived long enough. I am leaving you with your worries in this sweet cesspool. Good luck.	1
I am not able to bear any longer the weight of my misfortunes which I have brought upon myself. 	1
The flute player passed the banyan tree and glanced at the boys but did not stop playing. 	0
I want to kill myself	1
I have no will to live	1
Life has become unbearable for me. Forgive me.	1
Try not to grieve and mourn my passing as I am atleast free from the miseries and loneliness which I have endured for so long.	1
Hmmm. Well i feel hopeless with life	1
This is our model of charity and inclusiveness.	0
I am completely over it.	1
We are going in the wrong direction.	0
Took all my pills be dead soon. So bye bye everyone.	1
The boat floated low in the water it was so heavy and the oarsmen had to strain upstream in order to avoid being swept down by the current. 	0
Oh my love Kate you did all you could. I'm unemployable & a nuisance. Forget me remarry be happy.	1
I can not handle the situation anymore. I can not explain this to anybody as nobody believes my innocence not even my family	1
I just wasn't meant for this world. I want a new beginning where I can find peace and hapinness	1
Accepting that we live multiple lives gives us so much clarity; It takes the pressure off and helps us get centered and grounded.	0
Last night I opened the windows and let the mosquitoes all inside then I closed the windows and slept outside.	0
No one would care if I was gone	1
They stumbled into the room and he dumped his bundle on the ground.	0
If I was dead people would not have to worry about me.	1
It doesn't help. Trust me	1
He pushed the creeper out of the window and laid it against the outside wall.	0
The traffic had increased there were more people in the streeet	0
I have chosen to die but not chosed to be forgotten.	1
Idk I'm freaking out again	1
I am not insane and my mind was never more clear.It has been a long day.	1
I hate myself I'll always hate myself I'm never gonna view myself as good I'm so far behind	1
I am not as deeply familiar with christian and muslim scriptures as compared to hindu texts.	0
If life is truly meaningless and there is no rational basis fir choosing among fundamental alternatives then all choices are equal and there is no fundamental ground for choosing life over death.	1
And I shan't recover this time	1
Your research is way ahead and much more than most of us here.	0
I had a hectic day today	0
He sits in the dust and as there is no sign of anything resembling a comfortable seat I dropped to the ground. 	0
He was a tall man neat in appearance	0
I hate myself and I hate living for I have let everyone down and felt that I will never change or improve.	1
I enjoyed reading your research proposal.	0
Time seems to be passing away and i feel it is being wasted	1
Everything has been destroyed and I have to start the process all over again.	0
I really got in a messthrough no real fault of my own. I must have  been born to suffer.	1
Make the pain go away like you said	1
I am going for lunch today.	0
All fled-all done so lift me on the pyre; The feast is over and the lambs expire.	1
I feel as though no one cares for me in this world. It is not worth living.	1
I'm just to sensitive.  I want my family to know there was nothing they could do. I am entrapped in my own thoughts	1
Let's go on a holiday	0
I am defeated and exhausted physically and emotionally.	1
I dont feel life is worth anything.	1
I feel certain that I am going mad again	1
My train rushed into the darkness the carriage wheels beating out a steady rhythm on the rails. 	0
I am making my final exit in a few minutes. I want to encourage those who want to but are letting fear hold them back. I expect pain to outweigh happiness and satisfaction in my life	1
I am very happy. Life is great.	0
I can't fight any longer.	1
Many civilizations have at some point of time been victims and at other times opressors.	0
They drank lemonade and ate cream cakes from the smart restaurant.	0
Things just seemed to go too wrong too many times.	1
I am never going to transition successfully even when I move out.	1
No one would miss me if I was not around anymore.	1
It seems to be very cold today.	0
To my friends my work is done — Why wait?	1
i'm overthinking everything. . fuck. I gotta stop and just do it	1
I maintain my right to die as I have lived a free woman not cowed into silence by any other human being. 	1
The driver of the bright red bus waited at the intersection looking at his watch.	0
I am ending myself today because my trust has been broken and I am being cheated.	1
I am not about to make the great adventure. I cannot endure this agonizing pain any longer. Neither can I face the impending blindness.	1
The survival of the fittest. Adios unfit.	1
I am tired of hurting and feeling lonely my head hurts from crying but if I take anything I am scared that I won't stop and I would want to stop	1
Football seasons is over no more walking no more fun and no more swimming. Life is boring.	1
All of a sudden all will and determination to fight on has left me.I have long ago prepared myself for the time when I reached the end of the trail.I feel calm and at peace and greatful that  I can go to sleep painlessly.	1
I am sorry I care but I need to escape and I cannot wait to see what is on the other side.	1
Sweat was streaming down his face and he was breathing heavily	0
May God have mercy on both our souls as he alone knows my heartache and sorrow and love for you.	1
I know you will greive over me for having taken my life how sorry I am to hurt you.	1
I am going to put myself to sleep now for a bit longer than usual. Call it Eternity.	1
What a beautiful day.	0
Though I am about to kick the bucket. I am happy as ever as I am going to see the other side of life.	1
